add links (#5)
ClickHouse/examples: docker-compose-recipes/recipes/cluster_1S_2R/README.md

2 ClickHouse instances leveraging 3 dedicated ClickHouse Keepers

1 Shard with replication across clickhouse-01 and clickhouse-02

> This Docker compose file deploys a configuration very similar to [this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Docker compose file deploys a configuration matching [this
```

Reviewer: up to you, just wanted to point out it is pretty much the same as the architecture in the referenced docs
